Get a minimum of 3 players to give you a total of at least 10 gravel.:0
Tell a story and get someone to leave before you finish it.:0
Dig a hole at least 3x3 wide down to Y = 0. It can be your base if you want.:0
Don't call any mobs by their name for the next 2 hours.:0
Listen into another player's conversation then try to have the same conversation with either of them later and get them to claim deja vu.:0
Compliment someone whenever you see them take damage, for a total of 5 compliments. This can be to one or many players, but if you fail to compliment them you fail the task.:0
Every time you see someone take damage, warn them a bit too late that they are about to be damaged or tell them how they could have avoided it, for a total of 5 times. If you fail to tell them, you fail the task:0
Steal 4 people's beds without being caught and make a shrine out of them.:0
Do the worst trade you could possibly do with someone.:0
Jumpscare another player.:0
Convince someone that you have the same task as them.:0
Ask someone what they think a good task would be, their response is now your task. If they don't give you an idea, you may ask someone else.:0
Convince someone to take a leap of faith. You succeed if they do so and take no damage.:0
You must lie about everything in-game for the next hour.:0
Call people anything other than their name/username for the next hour.:0
Give someone a nickname and try to get at least 4 other people to call them by that nickname.:0
Be {receiver}'s hype person for the next 30 minutes and don't get called out. If you get called out, switch to any other player and reset the timer, or fail the task (your choice).:0
Make 3 bad jokes and get NO laughs.:0
Move 5 people's doors at least once. If someone calls you out, that person doesn't count.:0
For the next 10 achievements that {receiver} obtains, you must also obtain the same.:0
Convince a yellow name your task is to make granite your entire identity for the next hour.:0
Convince a yellow name your task is to repeat everything that they say.:0
Convince a yellow name your task is to jumpscare another player.:0
Convince a yellow name your task is to speak in rhyme.:0
For the next 3 conversations you have, you must speak in rhyme. If you're called out, that conversation doesn't count.:0
Tell 3 jokes where the punchline is complete nonsense, tricking players into laughing at something they don't understand, and don't get called out. If you get called out, that joke doesn't count.:0
Make granite your entire identity for the next hour.:0
Go mining with a partner, and excitedly call them over 3 times for a big ore find. When they arrive and see nothing, blame a creeper explosion for the missing ore.:0
Completely agree with everything that everyone says for the next hour (this does not mean do what people say, just be a very nice and agreeable person). If someone calls you out, reset the timer or fail the task (your choice).:0
Build a plank and get someone to walk/fall off it.:0
With a book and quill, write a really poorly-written poem for {receiver} and get them to sign it.:0
Get accused of doing 3 tasks that you don't actually have (that you've made up).:0
Make a pun at every opportunity during a conversation. You must make at least 3 successful puns within a 5 minute time-span.:0
Become {receiver}'s absolute best friend for the next 30 minutes and don't get called out. If you get called out, switch to any other player and reset the timer or fail the task (your choice).:0
You have now become an extreme introvert. For the next hour, if anybody tries to talk to you, run away and appear actively afraid.:0
Ask for a specific item 5 times in one conversation but never pick it up, and don't get called out. If you get called out or pick up the item, reset the count and choose a different item.:0
Talk like a YouTuber/TikTok influencer for the next hour.:0
Leave at least 3 conversations in-game in a creative manner. For example, instead of walking away, dig straight down until you're out of ear-distance of any interlocutors. You may leave conversations normally, but this won't count towards your goal.:0
Actively involve yourself in 3 conversations with {receiver}. For every conversation, mimic all their in-game movements without being caught. You fail if someone calls you out even once.:0
Say a line/lyric from Smash Mouth's "All Star" in at least 3 different conversations. Each line/lyric must be different for each conversation.:0
Back seat {receiver}'s game for the next 10 minutes. If they call you out, move onto another player, for a maximum of 3 attempts before failure.:0
Paranoia. For the next hour whenever you talk to another player you must pretend that someone else is nearby or following you.:0
Break 4 crafting tables while in use.:0
Make a bet with another player and win.:0
Move into someone else's house and get them to evict you.:0
For the next hour and a half, you are a serial yapper. Go on random tangents, talk way too much and take control of every conversation telling random and irrelevant stories.:0
Leave your book in another person's base/chest thereby exposing your task. If you are that other player reading this book, announce to chat that {sender} has completed their task.:0
You have a new catchphrase for the next hour. In any predicament, you must say "What would iskall do?", and don't get called out. If you get called out, reset the timer or fail the task (your choice).:0
You cannot deny any request or question from another player. You must say yes for the next 2 hours (unless it breaks the rules).:1
You are now a weeping angel until the end of the session. If you're aware that someone is looking at you, you are not allowed to move until they stop looking at you.:1
Kill the Ender Dragon with a friend(can be re-spawned if already killed).:1
Do the opposite of what everyone tells you to do for the next 2 hours.:1
Kill the Wither with a friend. Exploits such as trapping the Wither under bedrock are not allowed.:1
Starting with a grass seed, trade your way up to 2 golden apples. There's no minimum trade requirement for this task.:1
Do the opposite of what any green name tells you to do.:1
Kill {receiver} with an anvil.:1
Build a TNT cannon that successfully hits or scares off another player from at least 50 blocks away.:1
You must become {receiver}'s butler for the rest of the session. Serve them when you can and help them out, but if you're figured out - you fail the task. You may tell {receiver} about this task.:1
Convince another player to give you a life.:1
Cause a player to die from suffocation.:1
Your life is now tied to {receiver}. If they die in this session, you must kill yourself immediately after. You fail if they die, or if someone suspects there's a link between the two of you. Telling {receiver} this task won't cause you to fail.:1
Become the villain of the server. Grief. Steal. Seek server wide domination. You pass if you are actively disliked by the majority of players.:1
Build a completely friendly roller coaster with a track length of at least 300 blocks, and get at least 3 players to ride through it without them being suspicious that it's a trap.:1
Create a parkour course with at least 30 jumps, and get 6 players to play. If any one of them succeeds on their first attempt, the counter resets. You may re-build the course if you like but only if the counter is on 0/has just reset.:1
Obtain a full set of chainmail armour (including the helmet, just don't wear it).:1
Before the end of the session, do a 100 block high water bucket clutch in front of every (willing) player on the server. You may reveal this secret without failing. You must take off all armour before performing the clutch:1
Obtain 9 of the possible 12 item discs that are dropped by Creepers upon being killed by a Skeleton. You must obtain all disks yourself, you cannot get other players to give you any, though other players may help you in the process.:1
You must ask other players what you can do for them in exchange for diamonds, they set the amount and the task. You succeed when you have made a total of 10 diamonds from at least 3 other players. You must accept their first offer of diamonds and can not convince them to give you more.:1
Before the end of the session, do a 50 block high boat clutch in front of every (willing) player on the server. You may reveal this secret without failing. You must take off all armour before performing the clutch:1
You must convince anyone you encounter that {receiver} is a deadly threat and is out to kill you. You must form an allyship with at least 3 other players and your only goal is to kill them together.:1
You now have an imaginary friend for the next hour. Talk to them as if they're with you in-game and are part of conversations. You must still interact with players normally during this time.:1
You are now {receiver}'s assassin. Brew or purchase an invisibility potion and kill them without them figuring out who you are. If you're figured out, or if they manage to escape for at least 5 minutes after the attack, you fail the task.:1
For the next hour, you now have an imaginary friend who is exactly like {receiver}. Talk to them as if they're with you in-game and are part of conversations. You must still interact with players normally during this time, even if {receiver} is part of the interaction, as if there's two of them.:1
Announce in the chat that you are a genie and will grant 3 wishes. Only one wish per player. You succeed if you grant 3 wishes, however, you must get some part of the wish wrong (how much wrong is up to you).:1
Act as if you're in a TV show, and actively break the fourth wall as much as possible for the next hour. Applaud or boo when people arrive, turn to the side and talk to a non-existent audience, return to the conversation as if nothing happened. You fail if at least 2 people call you out within the hour.:1
Drink invisibility and punch a green player so that they fall a large distance, thereby damaging or killing them.:2
Trap another player. It can be placed in a base or elsewhere, the only condition is it must kill another player without that player's prior knowledge of said trap.:2
Place lava on someone. If it doesn't kill them, you must then place lava on another player for a total of 2 players. If it does kill them (a total of 1 player in lava), you complete this task.:2
Repeatedly attack a player until they block you with a shield. If you kill them, you also succeed.:2
Do any amount of damage to a non-red player with an anvil. If you kill them, you also succeed.:2
Get any yellow player to team with you. They must then kill any player of your choice with your help. They must either get kill credit or deal a significant amount of damage for you to succeed.:2
Summon any number of mobs using an egg to deal damage to {receiver}.:2
You are now {receiver}'s assassin. Brew or purchase an invisibility potion and kill them without them figuring out who you are. If you're figured out, you fail the task.:2
Use a redstone contraption to damage another player. You can't hit them with a redstone item, it must be some kind of trap or machine.:2
Punch another player into a natural lava source.:2
Mine a large hole underground and spleef a player into it, thereby damaging or killing them.:2
Repeatedly fire arrows from an un-enchanted bow at someone until they start blocking. If you kill them, you also succeed.:2
Get another player to look at an enderman.:2
Tame at least 2 wolves, and then punch a player so that the wolves begin attacking them, thereby damaging or killing them.:2
Cause someone to be pricked by a berry bush that you placed.:2
Enderpearl into a friendly conversation, and begin attacking players. If you're hit, or they run away, successfully hide from them for the next 5 minutes.:2
Name a weapon "Scarlett Slayer" and kill {receiver} with it (it doesn't have to be Scarlett who you kill). If you kill someone with this weapon, the death message will show in chat.:2
Create an elaborate sky base (at least Y = 200) and place this book inside a trapped chest. Once the chest is opened, the player reading this book should be trapped in a way that kills them.:2
Kill a player's pet (e.g. wolf, fish, horse) while they're near it. If they don't have a pet, convince them to get one, name it, and then kill it. Once you've killed their pet, try to kill them as well shortly after.:2
Convince someone to craft a helmet as a joke. If they try, it'll give them blindness for 15 minutes and you will succeed the task. Skipping this task won't punish you if someone else has already done it.:2
Build a diving board that leads to a small (maximum 3x3) pool of water. Convince players to jump off of it for a prize, but when they go to jump, punch them to throw off their balance. You complete this task once someone dies from the board.:2